Add entries to user guide (#33)
deepesdl/deepesdl-doc: docs/guide/xcube-viewer.md

For a more detailed description of the viewer functionality, please refer to a dedicated section in the
[xcube viewer documentation](https://xcube-dev.github.io/xcube-viewer).

## Publish a dataset in a public DeepESDL Viewer

In order to publish a data cube in a public DeepESDL Viewer take the following steps:

* Check if the data cube is ready for publication with the following tools

     * **[xrlint](https://bcdev.github.io/xrlint/):** to validate the `xrarray.Dataset` with a set of recommended rules 
     * **xcube Viewer extension:** in the JuypterLab use the dedicated Jupyter Notebook to test the presentation of
       the data in the xcube Viewer (see `Visualize_data_with_xcube_viewer.ipynb`)

* Store the data cube in team storage on S3 
  

>     * for more information see `Upload_files_to_shared_team_s3_storage.ipynb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * for more information see `Save_cube_to_team_storage.ipynb`
```
